---
title: "BSides Roanoke 2024"
date: "2024-10-26"
location: "Virginia Western Community College, Roanoke, VA"
featured: false
register: ""
venue_parking: |
  Virginia Western Community College
  3940 Colonial Ave, Roanoke, VA 24015

---

BSides Roanoke 2024 will be held at Virginia Western Community College on Friday, July 12, 2024 in the Whitman Theater located in the Hall Family Business/Science Building.

## Introduction

Join us for an exciting lineup of security talks & demos featuring regional IT/security experts and thought leaders — all deep diving into various cybersecurity topics that are currently shaping our ever-changing cybersecurity landscape. From Randy Marchany’s keynote on the enduring nature of IT-evolution to Logan Diomedi’s talk on how Microsoft’s SCCM can be turned and used against you, to talks on the Flipper-zero/RF signal hacking, and social engineering deception tactics. Learn how blackhat attackers are currently attempting to gain access to your networks and systems, and how to fortify your defenses against them. Other talks include Jupyter anomaly detection, the dangers of Linux/eBPF, next-level password cracking, infrastructure encryption strategies, and much more. We even have a live Capture the Flag with RF badge challenges and Zeek network vulnerability analysis with awards and prizes\! We even have all day coffee and lunch provided. Don’t miss out on this opportunity to expand your knowledge and network with other IT-Security peers and vendors\!

## Agenda

We’ve got four key areas to explore throughout the event:

* **Auditorium** - This is your center stage for knowledge bombs\! Catch the inspiring keynote address and insightful closing comments here.  
* **DefSec Room** - Buckle up for the second talk track. This room will be buzzing with workshops and presentations focusing on defensive security practices.  
* **CTF Arena** - Calling all codebreakers\! The Virginia Cyber Range is hosting a thrilling Capture the Flag (CTF) competition in this dedicated space. Put your hacking skills to the test\!  
* **Sponsor & Cafeteria Hub** - Mingle with our esteemed sponsors and fuel up for the day\! This area features delicious food and drinks to keep you energized, alongside booths from the companies who make BSides Roanoke possible.
